Adds YouTube links to the call format documents (#88)
BitcoinDesign/Meta: Community-Calls.md

**What tools do we use?**

> We use [Jitsi](https://jitsi.org), which is open-source, privacy-preserving, and available as web and desktop applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use [Jitsi](https://jitsi.org), which is open-source, doesn't require you to create an account, and is available as web and desktop applications.
```
